The Underground 2 - Repackaged
By Qarl, Huskobar, OperatorJack, and many others.
Version 0.1.0 Beta

==BETA Note==
This is a BETA package. I've tested the new package on my own playthrough and was able to complete the questline, but that does not mean you will not experience issues. If you find any, please contact me on Discord, via the Morrowind Modding Community server. Ping OperatorJack.

==Description==
From the Qarl, the creator of The Underground: An enormous quest mod largely set in The Elder Scrolls lore. You'll encounter an attractive vampire
of the opposite sex with whom you can cultivate a successful romantic relationship with and
eventually have them as a full companion. You will venture into foreboding underground dungeons,
labyrinths, and tunnels taking you on an engaging adventure full of puzzles and traps and many
more things which require as much wit as fortitude. You may take the path of the virtuous and save
the world from unspeakable evil, or take the road which leads to its destruction. The choice is yours.

From OperatorJack: This is an optimized and edited version of the Underground 2 (TU2). It incorporates TU2 patch project. I have also made some modifications to the plugin to resolve a few longstanding issues, like the infinite fireworks and spiders. Many assets have been optimized or removed where applicable, reducing the file size by 580MB. In total, this mod package represents a slightly more user friendly version of a legendary mod. Note: I did not modify much of the contents of the mod in any way. Many existing bugs will still exist here. As has always been the isntructions with TU2, save often and in new slots. Read the attached walkthrough as needed (it will be needed, fair warning). View the Changelog for a full list of changes.

I encourage you to read this readme in it's entirety, and then read the original readme in this archive. Lastly, the original, unmodified plugin can be found in the archive folder (although, it wil not work well with many of the asset changes).

==Changelog==
Version 0.1.0 Beta
1. In-game:
- Removed custom daedric tile set, as it was incompatible with retexture mods and had no real benefit. Regular daedric tileset is used instead.
- Improved filtering on many topics so that TU2 topics aren't permanently seen on all NPCs after the mod is completed.
- Removed end-game fireworks.
- Fixed infinite spider spawns, such that they will no longer spawn after the spider laboratory is destroyed.

2. Project Structure
- Merged TU2 project and Patch Project together.

3. Assets
- Sanitized texture filepaths for all meshes.
- Used TESFiles to find and remove unused assets (150 files), reducing package size.
- Removed Better Bodies meshes which could overwrite user mod assets (original BB or other BB-like mods) and relocated to subfolder.
- Removed some invalid NIF files which could crash the game (Why is an MP3 being called a NIF anyways, Qarl?)
- Optimized textures via Ordenador. Reduced package size by ~580MB.
- Optimized meshes by reducing duplicate vertices in many meshes.

==Requirements==
Morrowind
Tribunal
Bloodmoon

Recommended: Better Bodies, as much of the clothing in this mod is dependent on it.

==Credits==
At this point, I feel it is safe to say this is a community project. The baton has been passed over the years. For a full list of Qarl's original credits, see the original readme within this archive. Most importantly, thank you to Qarl for making such a memorable and fun adventure.